{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Dovydas Gulbinas\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dovydas.gulbinas@protonmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
dovydas.gulbinas@protonmail.com
}}}
 \u9642? +370 6024 3562 \u9642? 25 years old\line Lithuania, Vilnius\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 A software developer with DevOps tendencies. Looking for a position in an English speaking team/company. I am willing to relocate to Copenhagen Denmark or work remotely.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Django Developer} - Moment Credit (Apr 2017 - Present, Vilnius):\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Made & deployed multiple applications using (Django/Django Rest frameworks, unittest, Oracle SQL). My notable contributions were:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Designed & built and automated passport/ID scanner & text recognizer (Django). It saved hours of manual work in our company since prior to this project all passport/ID entries were done manually. The challenging part was to learn Computer Vision/OpenCV4 fundamentals in less than 1 week. Additionally I had to learn text recognition (Tesseract) in only a couple of days.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Initiated & built a system for controlling/limiting access to sensitive web portals (Django). This project required me to learn and understand multiple new things in depth (OpenLDAP, client-side/server-side x509 certificates and their creation). In order to consolidate my knowledge and learn better I even wrote a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dovydas.xyz/ssl/apache2/client-side/python/2017/10/29/using-client-side-certification.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
blog post
}}}
 about it in my free time. Additionally I had to deploy this project (on multiple machines) so I spent a few days learning {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dovydas.xyz/devops/fabric/python/2018/08/19/few-lessons-i-learned-after-using-python-fabric-1x.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Fabric 1.X framework
}}}
.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Odoo Framework ERP Developer} - Digitouch (Oct 2016 - Apr 2017, Vilnius):\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Wrote custom Enterprise Resource Planning {\b ERP} modules used for accounting & other business operations. Most impactful project:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A module (Odoo framework) that would crunch large number of invoices and compute a summary that was later submitted to our local tax authority. This project proved to be extremely lucrative because it was sold to multiple clients & it saved more than 4 hours of accountant\u8217's labor time every month. The most challenging part was to optimise the module to run with large number of invoices.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Back-end Developer} - IT Girnos (Apr 2016 - Oct 2016, Vilnius):\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Wrote and designed multiple API endpoints (Flask). Had a few front-end related tasks. Utmost project:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Web to Short Message Service {\b SMS} application (Flask). The most challenging part was to self-teach and implement SMS (SMPP 1.4) protocol since SMS was sent directly through the mobile operator\u8217's infrastructure. I have managed build a proof of concept in only around 1 week.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Hardware Tooling Suite Developer} - WiliBox (Sep 2015 - Feb 2016, Vilnius):\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Built various tooling in Python for WiFi Router board calibrations. Wrote multiple GUI testing tools using (Tkinter, Numpy). Took initiative & integrated few tools for remote access and control in our company\u8217's testing laboratory.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Programming Languages}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Python:} The language I have most experience with. I always strive to write code that is: clean, readable & unit tested. I am constantly learning new things that each version of Python delivers: type annotations, generators, itertools, async/await functionality etc. To keep myself up to speed I enjoy listening to: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://next.podbay.fm/podcast/981834425"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Podcast.init
}}}
 & {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://next.podbay.fm/podcast/979020229"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Talk Python To Me
}}}
 podcasts while commuting.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Bash:} Second most often used language in my daily career since I had to do deployment on my own. I try to stick to command line tools thus bash is a must. For this I have wrote my own config {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/dovydasgulbinas/env-configs"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
installer/manager
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b JavaScript:} A language I use from time to time. I have wrote some JS bookmark applets. For front-end my favorite framework is {\b vue.js}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other knowledge of {\b Git & GitFlow}, {\b Java}, {\b PHP}, {\b SQL}, {\b C/C++}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Other Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Docker:} Proficient. Wrote multiple \u8220"production-ready\u8221" containers for: OpenLDAP, Kerberos, LAMP stack and others\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Apache & NGINX:} Proficient. Configured multiple web servers and reverse proxies for various projects additionally used NGINX as a load balancer in round-robin fashion.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Linux:} Competent. I know how to manage services using {\b systemd} wrote multiple services and timers for it. Basic knowledge of Linux networking & {\b iptables} utility.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Other Skills & Hobbies\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Servers and home automation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Electronics & Hardware\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Languages: English (CEFR C1), Lithuanian\sa180\par}
}
